Hello, I have mine for you today
wardrobe will come next time
because then, too
sometime bio wardrobe online
but now we turn first
This is my wardrobe
so we'll do it now
the first is my wardrobe so
like you see at the top two
it is not neat and secure
years finally tell me instead of me
the first question you have
Regulation system in your wardrobe
yes I have my order in my systems
wardrobe and I sort
my wardrobe after colors so
mean to this how I sort
I look for colors that means they are
my blue things here are mine white
I have black things down here
my purple pink in things and mine here
b hours stuff and yes and up here
I just stop my pulse my question
which are your latest ones
garments in my latest
garments so I actually have
only one
that the companion here from primark users
here as the left is now unfortunately
do not care
So yes that this dress is 3 times
you have garments that you never have
have carried
only have to go
the
yes, I have
this has never been done here, for example
to watch videos would look like
but since every t-shirt is already on it
That's why I had a question
number four
show your favorite pieces mine
favorite piece is the pants
I attach with a stain on the age
do not expect
yes so this rose from here then
once
I like this hotel of primark very much
especially now what's great about that
spring summer fits
visa, this shirt is here with that
youth eye and then
two parts
this one
I think that's very nice too
i could fit into the
summer
and my last favorite part is
this t shirt slash pullover
from primark with now on it and the
fifth or
last question is when the embarrassing
most embarrassing garment main paris
Garment is actually a
beautiful garments only short and
though it is this dress that is so healing
because of that and what's embarrassing about it now
is and as likely as you are
It can be seen that way
transparent one could say now and
the problem is you know what you mean
to wear under it because you can
see through what you are subject to hate
it's actually my dress my
favorite garment I never again
That's what happened to me now
hope this day you liked it in
you will definitely still the
seen and he me in which we are and
say and I say bye